docs: Build contributing docs (#529)
yodaos-project/ShadowNode: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to ShadowNode

## Overview

> ShadowNode is one of the Node.js runtimes in shadow, support for most [Node.js API](https://nodejs.org/en/docs/) such as `Event`, `Module` and `N-API`. We plan to support the most of packages in NPM for Node.js in the future. If you are interested in joining it, we will welcome it very much.

Author: > Thanks @Txiaozhe, however the contributing docs should document something like how to contribute to the project, than building and FAQs, you could take a look at [Node.js Contributing](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Yes, I will, thanks:)

## Getting and Building
Firstly, you can only build it in Linux and macOS now.

> 1. Install the following prerequisites, as necessary:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

  - The tools needed to build ShadowNode from scratch:
    - Standard C development headers
    - Git 1.9+
    - CMake 3.1+
    - Node.js and NPM

>     - DBus(Ubuntu is Builted-in)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - DBus(built in on ubuntu)
```

> Note that at least 4GB of RAM is required to build from source and run tests.

Author: This limit shall less or more but I think it is necessary.

> 2. Get the ShadowNode code:

Reviewer: I don't think this step is necessary in this document since it's a guidance to build ShadowNode. In this stage we'd assume developers already got hands on ShadowNode source codes.

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/yodaos-project/ShadowNode.git
```

> 3. Run Build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Building ShadowNode
```

You can have a look at the `package.json` file and get the build script.
```shell
$ npm run build
```

> And if you are in macOS and install the `DBus` yourself, you need appoint the include-dir of `DBus` by the `--external-include-dir` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, you may need specify included directory of `DBus` by flag `--external-include-dir`.
```

```shell
$ tools/build.py --clean --external-include-dir /yourdbus/dir/include/dbus-1.0 --external-include-dir /yourdbus/dir/dbus-1.0/include # you need replace it to your dbus dir.
```

> The executable file will generated in `ShadowNode/build/x86_64-darwin/debug/bin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The executable file will be generated in `<ShadowNode>/build/x86_64-darwin/debug/bin`.
```
